---
title: Full Notes
parent: 9. Meeting, Mar 15 2021
grand_parent: Meeting Notes
has_children: false
nav_order: 1
---

# Ninth Meeting: Monday MAR 15 3:00 - 4:00pm UTC

## Introduction:

### Gautier
* Interested in Token denomination
* Multi-hop assets
* https://hackmd.io/tboAl4WQQxudWROhHY2kmg?view

### Ape Unit / Andrea
* github chain registry
* close to complete working version
* can be executed as a service
* state of the chain ID
* were dealing with a race condition
* 1 week for a PR
* SDK version dependent?
	* hasn't tested with latest v0.42.0
	* tested with v0.41?
	* if no breaking changes related to the endpoint
	* using REST endpoints

### Asset registry / Antoine
* Share a PDF
* https://github.com/UCRegistry/asset-directory/tree/main/assets
	* not really up to date
	* last update a few months
	* CAIP-19
		* https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/issues/27
	* IID
	* Ceramic did an NFT DID that included CAIP-19
* Feedback
	* ask Keplr
	* @antoine to set up interview with Keplr / internft standard group
	* CAIP-19 versus Internft IID versus Ceramic DID
* Proposing to always show the origin of an assets and the full path on users demand

* Billy proposing the idea of asset families, where one asset can have "children" on different chains