---
title: Full Notes
parent: 14. Meeting, May 25 2021
grand_parent: Meeting Notes
has_children: false
nav_order: 1
---

# 14th Meeting: Monday MAY 25th 3:00 - 4:00pm UTC

## Introductions:
 * Cullen - Billy invited to get more involved with IBC related topics get the lay of the land
 * Laura Sauer - gone

## Udate:
* Andrew
    * Registry
        * Working Demo
        * one outstanding buig peer list only records a single node
        * the person who claimed that chain id would set up their own cron job
        * this could use github actions to set it up
            * only those in the codeownerfile and registry admins / maintainers
    * Asset guide
        * updates to IBC code that allowed article to work completely
        * https://hackmd.io/vP7-woDuTAaJaCVCsmGoCA
        * publishing on cosmos blog, UX WG website
    * Question for Josh
        * how does Keplr do this?
            * not verifying atm

## New Topics
* IBC Asset Registry
    * Denom paths for validators
    * https://tokenlists.org/
    * Antoine's token registry
    * Tip function
        * Keplr API is implementing this
        * specific format of a memo
        * front end tells keplr i woudl like to tip this person this amoutn (as part of the memo)
            * keplr reads this, the memo is used and then keplr standizes a tip interface
            * Relayer fees

## Misc topics
* demo for consensys talk
    * there's not a good place to find token decimals, icons
    * trust wallet / CAIP
    * the chain registry could verify all tokens on each of the chains
* Pieter from Confio
    * want to present soon

## Next meeting
* Pieter from Confio
* Denis from Starport