---
title: Full Notes
parent: 13. Meeting, May 10 2021
grand_parent: Meeting Notes
has_children: false
nav_order: 1
---

# 13th Meeting: Monday MAY 10th 3:00 - 4:00pm UTC


## Update:
 * Registry:  Binaries available: https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-registrar/releases/tag/v0.3.0
 * Assetguide: WIP, currently clarifying comparing proofs from the registry
 
 
## Recap & Outlook presentation:
https://hackmd.io/@apeunit/ryY773LOu


## Improvements suggestions:

* General sentiment: Focus on everything that the DEX needs to move assets around


Individual Suggestions:
  * (Jack) Most pressing issue registrar and registry running, doesn't make sense to focus on other topics before that one is solved.
  * (Josh), registry and registrar, IBC Asset handling, DEX vs Osmosis
  * (Rowland) Helping developers
  * (Billy) Walk-through sessions
  * (Jack) Integrate it with a relayer, doesn't have to be golan.